===CHAPTER ONE
One day, I asked the Questmaster for a quest. He sent me to kill a thing. I went and killed the thing. Then I came back and got my {yquest reward{x. It was only seven points. I was angry. So angry that I could break this page right now.
***
There, I feel better now. Maybe that was uncalled for. So I'm going to change. This is a new page, a new me. I went back to the questmaster and asked for another quest, hoping I had proved myself enough to get a bigger reward. But apparently it just wasn't my day.

I got eight quest points this time. It sure would have been nice to have more. But Questmasters are a stingy species, so stingy that sometimes the Gods themselves will demand that the Questmasters hand out more quest points. Such is the way of things.

In my next quest, I had to find a red feather that was being guarded by the dragon Dianta. I don't know why it was that feather specifically. I would think that any old red feather would do, but no, it was apparently that one. How does the Questmaster know exactly where to get these items he wants, anyway?

At least the next quest was more fun. I got to fight something. I had to fight an orc. The orc died in a single hit. That was underwhelming. But at least I got some coins from it. And I was very surprised when the Questmaster gave me a new set of leggings when I got back.

The leggings only had 'detect disease' on them. I was very sad about this, because I am not a plague doctor.

I gave the leggings to an orphan on the street. Maybe he can sell them to some poor sucker for a few gold. Or sell them to a craftsman to melt down for materials. Oh, I forgot, it doesn't work that way in this reality. Sometimes I forget that I'm not on my Christian Minecraft Server.
===CHAPTER TWO
I was tired of questing, so I decided to go exploring to see what I could find. I went through a crack in the Louvain Tunnel and ended up sauntering vaguely downwards into Hell. Just my luck.

Fortunately, I was able to translate some diaries that I found, and I discovered that I could go through the strange statue by uttering the word 'Klynn'. The caverns were full of thieves and outlaws. There was a very radiant cleric down there. I don't know why someone like that was in Hell.

He might have been there to vanquish demons, but he didn't look like he was doing much vanquishing. He looked more like he was posing for an Instagram selfie.

I eventually managed to get out of Hell and made my way back to New Lensmoor.
===CHAPTER THREE
I had a long day, so I decided to go to sleep. I paid two of my hard-earned platinum to check in to the Penthouse, because I felt that I'd earned it. As soon as I went to sleep in the bed, an earthquake struck.

Once the earthquake was over, I was kicked out.

I responded to this by doing the only logical thing I could think of: I traveled deep into the northern swamp, found the Wheel, and then spun it until I disintegrated.

